# Q1
According to [this][1], the number of records in the db could be really huge.

The approach I’d take is to shard the db.

In my opinion, there are 2 ways to shard this, hash based and range based sharding, 
Personally I prefer the **hash based sharding** for this scenario but I’m gonna compare both here.

Assuming that the table is constructed with 2 columns, (ip_address, blacklist_status).

Hash based sharding
---
In hash based sharding we could hash the ip_address, a hash value will be generated and 
then we could use it to determine which shard does this query goes to.

The benefit of using this approach over range based is we would not have to provision so 
many shards in the beginning and it’s fairly easy to get started with.

The drawback of this approach is, we could not ensure every shard shares even distribution. 
Resharding would be needed if critical uneven distribution happens, and this might cause downtime.

Range based sharding
---
With range based sharding, we could have shards like (0-99999999, 100000000 - 199999999 …). 

The benefit of this approach is that it is more reliable than the hash based sharding as we can 
already know what is the maximum records can exist in each shard. Resharding wouldn’t be needed in this scenario.

The drawback of this approach is, it is extremely costly to do this. 
Does not seem practical if we’re talking ipv6 addresses for this case study.

[1]: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2437169/what-is-the-total-amount-of-public-ipv4-addresses